Update section on client authentication (#216)
camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement: documentation/CAMARA-Security-Interoperability.md

## Client Authentication

> The API consumer MUST authenticate with the authorisation server using `private_key_jwt`, as specified in [OIDC Client Authentication](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#ClientAuthentication). In addition to the mandated claims, the signed JWT MUST also include the `iat` (issued at) claim.
> 
> The difference between the `exp` (expires at) and `iat` (issued at) claims MUST be no more than 300 seconds. JWTs with a longer lifetime SHALL be rejected by the authorisation server using the `invalid_client` error code as specified in [IETF RFC 6749](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-5.2) for the `/token` endpoint, and as specified in [OIDC CIBA Core](https://openid.net/specs/openid-client-initiated-backchannel-authentication-core-1_0.html#rfc.section.13) for the `/bc-authorize` endpoint.

Reviewer: To avoid issues with existing implementations that strictly follow the specifications, we would prefer it to be a recommendation.

```suggestion
The API consumer MUST authenticate with the authorisation server using `private_key_jwt`, as specified in [OIDC Client Authentication](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#ClientAuthentication). In addition to the mandated claims, the signed JWT SHOULD also include the `iat` (issued at) claim.
 
The difference between the exp (expires at) and iat (or the authorization server's current time if absent) claims SHOULD be no more than 300 seconds. JWTs with a longer lifetime MAY be rejected by the authorisation server using the `invalid_client` error code as specified in [IETF RFC 6749](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-5.2) for the `/token` endpoint, and as specified in [OIDC CIBA Core](https://openid.net/specs/openid-client-initiated-backchannel-authentication-core-1_0.html#rfc.section.13) for the `/bc-authorize` endpoint.
```

Author: The request for a hard limit on token lifetime came from @MarkCornall, who was concerned that an inconsistent API consumer experience would frustrate API consumers. There was no pushback on this during the last meeting.

The proposed text doesn't really change anything from vanilla OIDC - tokens can have any lifetime the API consumer chooses, but authorisation servers may reject tokens they consider to have an excessive lifetime without publishing in advance what this limit is.

I had understood that this document was meant to be an interoperability profile, but it is turning into a series of suggestions and recommendations which does not guarantee interoperability at all.

Reviewer 2: > The request for a hard limit on token lifetime came from @MarkCornall, who was concerned that an inconsistent API consumer experience would frustrate API consumers. There was no pushback on this during the last meeting.
> 
> The proposed text doesn't really change anything from vanilla OIDC - tokens can have any lifetime the API consumer chooses, but authorisation servers may reject tokens they consider to have an excessive lifetime without publishing in advance what this limit is.
> 
> I had understood that this document was meant to be an interoperability profile, but it is turning into a series of suggestions and recommendations which does not guarantee interoperability at all.

To take the last paragraph. This needs to be an interoperability profile. We should take bold steps to build interoperability not suggestions.

Author: Text proposal updated as discussed below

## Client Authentication

> The API consumer MUST authenticate with the authorisation server using `private_key_jwt`, as specified in [OIDC Client Authentication](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#ClientAuthentication). In addition to the mandated claims, the signed JWT SHOULD also include the `iat` (issued at) claim.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This CAMARA document allows **one** client authentication method, `private_key_jwt`, as defined in OIDC.
```

Author: @AxelNennker
There is no point in including "The keywords "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED", "NOT RECOMMENDED", "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be interpreted as described in RFC 2119" in the document and then not using these keywords.

If an API consumer must do something, then they MUST do it. Stating "This CAMARA document allows" suggests there might be another CAMARA document that allows something different.

> The JWT lifetime MUST be no more than 300 seconds, measured as the difference between the `exp` (expires at) claim and the token creation time (the value of the `iat` claim, whether present in the token or not). JWTs with a longer lifetime SHALL be rejected by the authorisation server using the `invalid_client` error code as specified in [IETF RFC 6749](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-5.2) for the `/token` endpoint, and as specified in [OIDC CIBA Core](https://openid.net/specs/openid-client-initiated-backchannel-authentication-core-1_0.html#rfc.section.13) for the `/bc-authorize` endpoint. If the JWT does not include the `iat` claim, token lifetime SHALL be measured relative to time of receipt.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The JWT lifetime as indicated by the `exp` field MUST be no more than 300 seconds. Token lifetime SHALL be measured relative to time of receipt.
```

Author: You are effectively saying "The `iat` claim, if present, MUST be ignored". I can't agree with that.

Tokens MAY (indeed SHOULD) include the `iat` claim, and that should be the primary determinant of token lifetime if present. One day, hopefully, all JWTs used for authentication will include the `iat` claim.

Author: See comments below considering the two possible options regarding the `iat` claim. Option 2 had the greater support.

> Option 2: If present, use it [i.e. iat] to compute the true token lifetime (i.e. exp - iat), otherwise use the arrival time at the authorisation server
